Why and when to use the Kubernetes?

There are several good points in using the Kubernetes:

It is agnostic, so it is not restricted to any vendor.
It is also open-source, so anyone could potentially improve the product, should it be needed.
Since the product is backed up and supported by large vendors, you could get help, should you run into any trouble (but that service most likely will cost something),
Speed of development from the idea to production using containers compared to the old fashion way is just small fractions of time. So using Kubernetes makes DevOps easier.
When you have a new product, you don't have to wait for new hardware (server) to put it on. It can be put on an existing server and/or cloud.
Kubernetes has a built-in capability of dynamic loading. It also has great error correction, so should your container crash, it will automatically restart.
Several vendors have a platform, where you can start up new instances of containers based on the load and traffic.


When to use it?
You should use it in every step of development, to show what is being built to managers, to demo functionality to customers and on production to provide dynamic loading and smooth running.
It is also possible to update to a new version of software, while still serving end-users on older version, so the speed of deployment is a great asset.
You can automate the deployment, so the cycle of updates can be much faster.
First automation tools (needs to be separately configured) verify that new version passes tests, 
then it can be distributed for deployment.

Note:  Kubernetes is not great for storing data, so you most likely want to set up separate databases for permanent storage